English Subtitles by Avengers Subbing Club
https://avengerssubbingclub.wordpress.com/
Corrections by Uncle Andy
Episode 5
No longer
will I live just passively
accepting everything.
That's right!
Let me pay back some of my debt as well.
The exchange of revenge services
should be done properly.
It's no longer an exchange of services.
From now on, we are one family.
If we live, we live together.
If we die, we'll also die together.
The revenge of my Unnies is my revenge.
Just a moment!
Why?
The photo was taken from outside,
though.
We've only received that one picture.
That's not just any picture, though.
We've only just begun.
We haven't done anything yet.
But it's not as if we've
done absolutely nothing.
Why don't we wait a little bit for now?
If there is an ulterior motive,
we'll definitely get a signal.
What do we do if
something else comes up?
Don't be afraid!
Unnie will protect you.
That's right. Now there are four of us.
Hong Do, don't cry
Oppa is here
Just keep
You have a drink, too.
your own way
Here it is.
as a wife
Do you have a fishing line on your tail?
What is making you so happy?
I'm always happy.
Sook, you have a drink, too.
I'll buy it.
Really?
But Unnie, are you dating these days?
Your face has completely brightened.
I am.
There she goes again.
And not just one or two.
Oh, you're talking crap now.
Who is it? Someone from the market?
Who is it, Unnie?
With a lot of money,
very refined
and very smart,
and the looks are perfect as well.
It must be true!
Bring him by!
I'm very good at judging men.
Unnie is?
So that's why Unnie has
changed a bit these days, huh?
Yes.
I have to change.
Oh right, is Hee Soo okay?
He has to continue to go to
school with those jerks after all.
At school,
there is a trustworthy person
that I've attached to him.
That's good!
Hyung!
Let's go together!
Does Hyung know how to do it?
Hyung is good at things like that.
Yah, Baek Seo Yeon!
Are your injuries all better now?
Yah, it's not that I ran away
that night. You know, right?
You told me to go first.
So I just did what you said. Okay?
Ayy, I didn't realize that
you were thinking like that.
Huh? Baek Seo Yeon. I'm really touched.
I'm glad we ran into you.
Are you all better now?
Are you okay?
You.
Be good to your mother, girl!
What concern is it of yours?
I mean,
she says she doesn't want to.
What? What is that?
I heard that there was someone
who broke his arm while being a fool,
so I tried it once.
It seems perfectly fine.
Wow!
Wow.
Hey,
What are you doing?
Aren't you leaving?
I'm going right now. Let's go!
However, how do the Ajummas
and Hyung know each other?
The Ajummas are the ones
who are close to each other.
I'm just... while going
back and forth... somehow.
Ah, the other day, the one who ate
ramen. She's your stepmother, isn't she?
That's right. She's the stepmother.
I am the illegitimate child.
It sounds like a drama, doesn't it?
Yes.
Still, it looks as if you're
close to your stepmother.
Does it look that way?
That Madam and I look close?
Madam?
Do you think the word
"Mom" would come easily?
Ah, you're not close, are you?
If I act like this,
then it will do, right?
Yes, please continue to ignore me.
I also have to be nervous in
order to escape suspicion.
And so that I can pretend
to be a kind son some more.
Actually, there is something
that I'm worried about...
What about?
You two seem to be in
that kind of relationship
where you can tell each other
your worries. Hmm?
That's good to see.
What is your worry?
Oh, that. I keep getting
calls from my birth mother.
So I was asking what
I should do about it.
Father told me to not meet her,
but she keeps contacting me.
So I thought that I
might just get in trouble.
Things like that,
you should have told me.
It's just that Father is busy.
What should I do?
Oh, that woman. Really.
I told her so that she could understand.
She doesn't even know her place.
I'll take care of it.
Don't even think about it, darling.
I have never even thought about it.
But darling, you even listen to the
child's concerns. That's thoughtful of you!
I was just giving him
advice to be careful.
Having come into this house, he can't
go rolling around lowering his status.
Not even knowing his place.
Oh, okay. That's true.
For the time being,
I'm not going to open this door.
You've thought well.
Let's now just go looking forward!
Soon the campaigning will start,
and you will become busy as well.
You have to change as well.
What are you talking about?
I am also
going to change.
Are you saying that
you'll change like this?
I am
not someone who is here for
you to take your anger out on.
So from now on,
don't treat me any which way you want.
Unnie!
Hmm?
Unnie, in your life, have you never had
someone that you wanted to take revenge on?
How could I not have anyone?
There are so many.
Then...
those guys,
if you wanted to discreetly,
without anyone knowing,
in a way that the law won't
get involved, give them hell,
then how would you do it?
Whether you're caught by the law or not,
big or small, revenge is revenge.
I have to take care of the children
and take care of the store.
I have so many things that I have to do.
I have no time to think
of things like that.
The more precious a thing
you have in your hand,
the stronger the fist you make.
Isn't that right?
You don't avoid poop because you're scared
of it. You avoid it because it's dirty.
Those idiots who acted like that,
they're poop. Poop! Diarrhea!
If everyone just avoids it,
then who will clean up that poop?
When the smell of poop is
just spreading everywhere.
Our success is going to be
a little too easy, isn't it?
That's what I mean. No matter who looks
at it, Candidate Baek is going to win.
We have to wait for the
results to see if we succeed.
Look at him.
Look at him with his false modesty.
Here. Here. Here. Here.
You're working hard.
Yes, you have to do this so that I can
stand up proudly in front of my father.
Don't worry.
Father's pride, I will raise it up high.
Okay.
However, did you have something to say?
No.
I was just wondering
if you were doing well.
There isn't anything that
makes you uncomfortable?
Yes. Madam treats me well, so it's good.
That's why. That habit.
Madam, more than she might look...
Hey, it's still "Madam"? Call her
"Mother" since we're one family now.
Anyway, if you need anything, tell the
housekeeper. Don't bother your mother.
Yes, I will.
(Top: Revenge Plan, Top: Lee Byung Soo,
Left: Baek Young Pyo,
Right: Hong Sang Man, Center:
Superintendent of Education election)
Lee Byung Soo, Baek Young Pyo,
Hong Sang Man.
These three people are working
together for the election.
With the election of the Superintendent
of Education as the start,
there is definitely a big picture somewhere.
Isn't it that Soo Gyum has
watched the news too often?
Isn't this becoming too big?
If it became a bigger revenge,
that would be good.
If it's going to be anyway,
it would be good.
So what are you going to do?
And not just "I'm in the
middle of thinking about it."
That's why we've gathered here.
So that we can all "study". It's
almost time for the teacher to get here.
I've come.
Oh, it's our Smartie. Smartie.
Study materials.
What is this?
Mi Sook, you come here and lie down.
Comic books are meant to
be read while lying down.
Oh, yes.
Come here.
This is strong stuff.
Ayyy, I borrowed those!
Such a cruel revenge isn't acceptable.
My wish is that no one be
put in danger or be hurt.
That's right.
We don't do things like that.
However,
we can't just continue to hide
and give them little griefs.
Exactly. We have to find a
way that's suitable for us.
How about something like this?
We each look to see what we have.
I have nothing but money.
I have a wily mind.
I...don't...
You do that thing well.
Being patient.
Unnie is good at everything.
No. I just handle fish.
Ah, there is something I do well.
Chicken fight.
Oooh! Definitely!
However,
how do we use that in a revenge?
Ah!
[ Banner: 2017 Buam Market
Merchants Association Festival ]
I admit I have strong charisma.
Alcohol is going in
Chuk Churu Chuk Chuk Chuk
The night is getting
longer Bba Bba La Ba Bba Bba
Tonight I am only your man
A free pass only for you
Alcohol is going in
Chuk Churu Chuk Chuk Chuk
The night is getting
longer Bba Bba La Ba Bba Bba
Perhaps you should sit this one out...
You might need some money.
You never know.
Pretty Unnie, taste some ddeokbbokki.
Mmm.
Mmm. How much is it?
Mmm?
Today's rule of behavior: Our Madam
tries her best not to be noticeable.
Don't you know?
I'm hardly noticeable.
Our Madam,
she really doesn't know herself.
Baek Young Pyo! Baek Young Pyo!
You've come. A lot of people have come.
Yes, now here are meat and mackerel.
Fish shop and a butcher's.
Yes, good.
A mackerel or a butcher
A butcher or a mackerel.
Mackerel wins!
For the finals of the arm wrestling,
the chicken specialist Son Jung Ho!
And the fishmonger Hong Do Hee!
Ready?
Now from the beginning,
it's going to be a fierce fight.
You can't put too much pressure
from your hands. That's cheating.
Now. Start!
Yes. They're fighting fiercely.
It's the chicken lady, the chicken lady.
The chicken lady!
Now, it's reversed.
Go down now.
Yes, really...
I offer you congratulations again.
From that great performance,
now how about going a round
with our Candidate Baek
who has joined us today?
Arm wrestling?
Baek Young Pyo!
Applause! Our candidate
seems a little bit whelmed.
How can I compete with a lady?
Shall I hold her wrist?
Ah.
I heard you have powerful arms.
Ah, but I used my arms all day long.
Ah, then ah, next time.
So...
How about a chicken fight?
Yes... Mr. Candidate,
are you alright with the chicken fight?
Ah, yeah...
OK. Then let's do a chicken fight.
Aigoo.
I haven't done this in a long time.
One, two, three..
It's endless.
Mr. Candidate!
I'm alright.
Are you alright? You don't look alright.
Three rounds, right?
Three rounds, call!
I'll prepare.
This time, I won't tolerate.
Ai..
A fair play.
Start!
Down, down.
Omo!
Ah!
Slowly. Down.
Slowly. Slowly.
Alright.
119! 119! Please call 119!
Seo Yeon,
you were shocked, weren't you?
It's nothing serious.
Go on in.
Definitely,
our Madam Hong is comfortable
Oh. Oh.
Are you okay, Mr. Candidate?
Ah. Ah.
Be careful. Be careful.
Be careful.
You heard you shouldn't drink
liquor for a while, right?
With this,
how will you go around campaigning?
Tomorrow, I'll take off the cast.
Take a rest.
Ah it's good. Gizzard shad in autumn.
10,000 won.
Sell a lot.
Thank you.
Well, it would have been good
if he had gotten
casts on both arms
so that he can't hit.
It's ok. In the hospital, he was told
that he should not drink for a while.
He will be quiet for a while.
Unnie, I'll go now.
Please work hard.
Jung Hye. It's hot. It's hot. You'll
get burned, burned. Drink it slowly.
Drink slowly. Make one more cup quickly.
Slowly.
Anyway, thanks to our candidate throwing his
own body, it made for some good advertising.
Was that "noise marketing"?
These days, there's no better
marketing strategy than that.
Our neighborhood ladies are sentimental.
Seeing you in this impressionable shape,
they will start to cheer you on.
In the education field,
if you do a good job
of wheedling the moms,
then everything is okay.
He is the expert, so don't worry.
I will arrange for a chance
for you to recover your image.
Wouldn't it be good to make
it a cozy party for sponsors?
If you make a good speech there,
your aura will be pakkk!
Yes, Yes, Yes. Ohhhh. Sorry, sorry.
Oh, be careful. Be careful.
Every year, what the hell is this?
Why should the whole family have to
have a medical checkup as a group?
He wants to control all the
stock owners at one time.
Brother, your face looks good.
Like always, I'm confident in my health.
Brother, you are so lucky.
You got married according to your plan.
Now a son falls into your
lap from out of nowhere?
Why? You have children, too,
three of them. All daughters.
Don't think it's all over.
Aigoo. You'll have one more kid?
If you want to make
the son the successor,
then the father needs to be
in that position first, right?
I'll go ahead.
Oh my god, is that the kid?
That woman is really something. Being
here with her illegitimate stepchild.
Does she have no pride?
They say the Chairman's family
has gotten a firstborn grandson?
Byung Soo must have caused some
trouble before and had the kid.
So who is his mom?
I don't know. A rootless woman.
Right.
Oh my god.
Up until now, Right.
that daughter-in-law had
been treated like a nobody.
Oh my god. Now she will be aww...
Is that the kid?
Whatever happened,
will the Madam care at all?
Why? Didn't you hear the rumor?
She has pretended to be all elegant, but
Madam is doing nothing.
She's not interested in her
husband's business, either.
She just enjoys shopping.
Anyway, she's infertile,
so it's good to get a child for free.
Since she doesn't have to suffer
raising a kid, she must be happy.
Don't turn around.
Raise your head and straighten your waist
up. Control the expression on your face.
But those people.
Pretend that you don't hear them.
They are just looking for reasons to stir
up trouble. You don't need to give them any.
The Chairman wants you to come in.
Ah, he will see the young master first.
This is the second time we're meeting.
Sit down.
You were sick. Do you feel better now?
An old man should tour
the hospital every season.
When I first saw you,
I wondered if Byung Soo
was trying to pull off a trick.
Now that I see you a second time,
you do indeed resemble Byung Soo.
So.
Is it ok staying at your home?
Yes. Everyone is taking care of me well.
It's our second meeting,
so we can be honest, can't we?
Why do you think
your father brought you home?
Because I'm family.
Right. Family is good.
To me, being a family
is being people who are
necessary to each other.
Am I a necessary person to you,
grandfather?
You're not something to
entrust to Byung Soo, are you?
He is too greedy.
He can't become a container who
can hold everything he wants.
This is a company I
had worked so hard to build.
When I did this,
my grandmother stopped coughing.
These days,
you seem to be doing something
fun with your stepmother.
How is it? Shall I help you?
No.
Why?
Because my ankle may be trapped by you.
You're not coughing any more.
Aren't you too honest?
If I lie, you will be able to tell,
won't you?
Still, you should have done so.
If you don't want to be tied to me,
at least you should at
least pretend to be dumb.
I'm sorry to keep you waiting.
That's alright.
I know that
you feel uncomfortable with that kid,
although it happened before marriage
and even we didn't know it.
But isn't he the child
you needed as well?
I believe you know what I mean.
You may go.
My husband will not
give up Soo Gyum easily.
It's because it's a condition of becoming
the successor that he needs the child.
Does he absolutely have to have
a child to become the successor?
It's not the Joseon dynasty.
That condition must have been imposed
when my husband had no children.
Because Father-in-law
trusts the second son more.
It's a makjang drama.
Then, even if there is a son,
If there's a way to prevent
him from being a successor.
That's right.
Then my husband probably
won't need a son.
Then Soo Gyum can be free.
Ah...
That's why you decided to accept him?
Letting Soo Gyum into the Avengers Club.
We should do a bigger revenge to let
Soo Gyum be able to go
back to his country home.
A "bigger revenge" means?
Will it be okay to do
that to your husbands?
I don't care, but Mi Sook Unnie...
I...
made up my mind.
I told my husband already that
I was going to change.
I wouldn't just continue enduring.
Our Mi Sook became courageous.
So don't worry about me.
Just think about a more...
certain revenge.
Mother-in-law,
I'm sorry.
Your son
may go through some difficult times.
Who are you?
My daughter sent you?
It's about time for mine to
be better than Hee Soo's.
Still far from it.
By the way,
I was curious from the beginning.
Why are you living with Father?
Is it the difference between
the ideal and the reality?
The only thing I can do
is to live as his wife.
Who said so?
Who told you to live like this? Put aside
your family, relations, others' opinion.
How about you?
What do you want to do?
That is...
My opinion.
is not important.
Whatever it is, it won't do.
I came too late.
My shop work took longer than
I expected. Umbrella and cup.
You didn't have to give them to me.
I chose the most similar one,
but I wonder if it will be okay to use.
Then I'll...
Miss, why don't you
have a cup of tea before you go?
But you're busy.
I like it more than the broken one.
Ah, that's a relief.
But why do you keep smiling?
It's nothing.
I'm busy. I'll go then. I drank it well.
Please drop by to have
tea when you pass by here.
Yes, Hong Do Hee.
Wake up.
What woman...
Let's sell a lot of fish and
treat my children to a good life.
Hey,
you should get a pair of running shoes.
Those are very worn out.
They're okay. Still fine. Why?
I'll choose your shoes.
You go and get some toilet paper.
Yes.
Son, go pick out some cookies.
So you can go fight one round?
Oh, this mart smells so bad!
Oh, the fishy smell! Oh, yah!
So,
you should do your shopping
in your little outdoor market.
Why are you showing up here
and appearing before my eyes?
Does one avoid poop because one is scared
of it? One avoids it because it's dirty.
What? Poop!
Why are you running away? It must be
because you feel guilty about something.
Jung Wook's mother,
if you came to the supermarket, then shop.
Why are you picking a fight
with me and causing a fuss?
F..fuss?!
Yah, have you said everything?!
I haven't yet. But I'm just going
to leave since I'm rather busy.
Ha! Now that the settlement is over, you
seem to be slowly showing your true colors.
But ha! You don't even realize
that I allowed the settlement.
So how dare you walk around
with your head raised so high?
Of course,
the settlement is over,
so why should I be cast down before you?
Well, a wench who sells fish at the
outdoor market could only be like that.
You should live and eat at your outdoor
market. Why are you here? How about it?
Are you even able to drive
your cart properly? Huh?
That's right.
I'm a wench who sells fish
at the outdoor market.
So what?
What's wrong with my occupation?
You must have lived
without ever eating fish.
Ha! How could I trust the goods
from an outdoor market in order
to be able to eat it?!
If it's sold at the outdoor market,
then it's "goods".
And if it's sold at the supermarket,
then does it become "quality merchandise"?
Do you even know what kind
of world it is today,
thatyou stand there talking smack
about another's occupation?
Yah! Have you said everything?!
I said I haven't yet!
Because we had only signed and
stamped the settlement agreement but
haven't submitted it to the court yet.
So I was going to be quiet.
But it's good that this happened. I'll say
the rest (of what I have to say) today.
And also, the motorcycle accident
from the other night,
I was going
to just let that go,
but let's say that you trained your
child wrong and let it go at that.
Wh-what?
What accident?!
Oh, you must not normally
talk to your son much.
Because his body was so weak that you had to
raise him as if he were a glass container.
While riding his motorcycle, that son
caused an accident and then ran away.
There were three
injured victims from it.
Should I go get the three testimonies from
the accident report and give them to you?
That is something I don't know about.
I will only acknowledge proven facts.
That you have taught your child wrong
and so is ruining his life is a fact!
What? You crazy bitch!
Aigoo... What's giving
off that fishy smell? Hmm?
Yah!
I told you not to appear before my eyes,
didn't I?
Just pretend you didn't
see me and walk away.
I mean...
You could shop in your
mother's shabby outdoor market,
why are you crawling all the way over here?
You dare to pick on me, even all alone?
What are you saying?
Without your lackeys,
do you have the guts to pick on me?
Do you want to be turned inside out?
Why? This time, do you want to hit me?
Okay, please,
hit me rather than just being all talk.
Wow.
Wow. Crazy bas...
Yah...
This bastard assailant,
now that the settlement's done,
he's talking like a
"brutus in human form."
You probably meant
"brute in human form. "
Stop getting your words
wrong and try studying.
How long are you going
to live like this?
You bastard, you really... Aish...
Do you think it's all
over after the settlement?
Don't get it wrong.
I won't let you off.
I will go to the school board.
I'll make sure
your gangster son gets expelled!
Jung Hye!
M-Madam?
I must have seen wrongly.
What? You crazy.
Oh, Jung Hye. Here.
Here. Over here.
You're being really
ridiculous right now.
Why?
Why? Do I seem like an easy target,
but Jung Hye is scary?
Scary?! Wh-what would be scary?!
The parent of the kid
who beat my child up
and the Madam,
do you think you deserve
the same treatment?
Even if you treat us differently,
You should have at least
minded your manners.
Who is the ass talking nonsense that
you can talk about manners like this?
Or at least, you shouldn't have
started talking rudely first.
Ma'am.
You! Really!
I'm not going to leave you alone.
I'm going to make sure you're completely
ruined and living in the streets.
Oh, Jung Hye?
Ha!
Look!
You think you're going to fool me again?
Even if the Madam is God,
I'm not afraid of her at all!
Ms. Joo Gil Yeon?
What?!
Omo. Ma..
Madam.
What are you doing right now?
Oh, this fishy smelling guy doesn't
know his place and keeps talking back.
Why?
Just because your mother was able to
settle, you've now discovered some courage?
Yah, your mother.
She knew her place well and
even got down on her knees well.
She must not have
taught you that at home.
What?
Moron.
Aigoo... This is why I say that
proper family education is important.
Yah.
Watch this yourself.
While watching this...
Please live having learned
your place in life, okay?
Did you receive good family education?
This bastard, really!
Ugh.
Why are you hitting a
person and making a fuss?
Ms. Joo Gil Yeon,
I think I definitely told you that
this person is very close to me.
This kind of behavior,
it's very unfortunate.
Ah, it... It wasn't anything much.
Just...
we parents had something to
consult each other about our sons.
I don't think there is much time left until
the store contract needs to be renewed.
Should I raise it by another $20,000?
Omona, Madam is really...
I mean, even though you are
the wife of the building owner,
if you speak that way,
you'll probably hear that you're
trying to throw your position around.
The one trying to throw
her position around is you.
The building owner is me.
Well, of course, since you're
the wife of the General Manager,
then what the General Manager owns,
you probably own as well.
Jung Hye.
I'll handle this one.
Earlier, you hit me, didn't you?
When did I hit you?
The violence!
Over there,
it should all be recorded.
Since your threats against
me and my livelihood
are all recorded here,
it's now my turn.
Why?
You want to curse at me again?
Or are you going to hit me?
I'm going to tell you this clearly.
Even without Jung Hye,
Even without the CCTV,
I'm not the least bit scared of you.
Don't look at a person
as being inconsequential.
Got nothing to say?
If you hit a person, shouldn't you
apologize and say you're sorry?
Aish... An apology? Whatever.
You're the one who was walking
without looking in front of you
properly and ran into me.
Look properly when
you're walking around!
You should be grateful that
I didn't drop my cellphone.
You speak very entertainingly
when you look like a piece of
chewed up and spat out gum.
Is it because your
lips stick out so much?
Aish!
Yah.
Even if you don't have manners,
don't you recognize your sunbae?
Hoobae,
take care of me well.
Oh.
And you...
You smell.
Can you please get rid of
that rotten smell first?
Son! Let's go.
That such a lowlife family can come here
makes me feel bad.
Mother, let go!
Come along! Stop talking.
Trashy people.
Aigoo...
Aigoo! So happy!
Ah, how come the two of you are here?
To buy ramen ingredients.
So, Soo Gyum must also
be good at cooking ramen?
If it's ramen,
Hee Soo's is the most delicious.
How nice would it be if I
can eat Hee Soo's ramen.
I have exams now,
so I need to revise at home.
We need to study.
Then Mom has to go and have a drink.
In the daytime?
After seeing that woman,
I suddenly want to drink.
Son goes to study, mom goes to drink.
So where should we go?
Seo Yeon,
I made your favorite clam soup.
How rare.
Where is it?
Aigoo.
Yes, Jung Hye?
Unnie, do you have time today?
By any chance,
are you with your husband?
No, there's an election activity this
weekend, too. He said he'll come home late.
Why?
Ah! That's great!
We can meet up!
Now?
Where?
But... Is it okay to go to
Mi Sook's house like this?
She said her husband
will come home late.
Ah, fine.
Hurry.
Mi Sook Unnie~~!
Ah, how on earth is everyone...
Can we go inside?
Ah, y-yes.
Omona.
Ah, so heavy.
I tried to stop her,
but she's broken into your house anyway.
Today, we met Joo Gil Yeon.
So we're going to drink.
Aigoo, let's see the standard of the
house chores of a good mother and wife.
Aigoo...
Oh, Seo Yeon, these are mom's friends.
Where are you going?
Aigoo...
You must be hungry.
You can look around.
Here, cucumbers.
Aigoo...
Oh, do you want another cucumber?
You must like cucumbers.
Madam, what are you doing?
Come here and help!
If not now, when will you learn
how to cook? Don't you think so?
That's right.
How about starting with something easy?
Jung Hye, can you prepare the onion?
Yes.
I've prepared it.
Ah, this...
Is this how you've prepared it?
Yes, I washed it clean.
This... the layer...
You have to peel it.
Ahhhh...
Okay.
I've peeled the onion.
You did well.
You've peeled it well.
Can you bring the chili powder?
Ah, th-there... Yes.
Mi Sook.
Pour some, pour some of it.
Avengers Club!
Fighting!
Mi Sook, you should've seen
how that woman ran away.
Joo Gil Yeon?
Joo Gil Yeon.
But what if she really
tries to do something?
Let her! I'm not afraid of her at all.
But how did you appear so
suddenly right at that time?
Unnie called me.
Jung Hye?
Haha... I only said that to
scare that woman. My goodness.
Anyway,
today is the best day of my life.
I even feel 10 years younger.
What do I call this feeling?
Should I say it's a Botox for my pride?
- Cheers!
- cheers! cheers!
Today, take it easy with the drinking.
To look at it,
there doesn't seem to be any problems.
Same in my home, too.
For a long time,
there was nothing going on in my home.
There's one thing.
Even if I want to help you,
if you don't do something,
then there is a limit to what I can do.
We got together to take revenge,
but if we keep going this way,
then it's just a friendly gathering.
I don't know what to do
with my daughter, Seo Yeon.
More than your husband,
it's your daughter that is
the more painful knife cut.
My husband was originally a man who
became rough when he drank too much,
but it hasn't been that long since
the violence became serious.
You! What is this...
- Honey!
Dad! Dad, stop it.
Don't be this way with Mom.
Why should I?
- Do you think I'm a joke, too?
Dad, enough of this.
Wake up from the alcohol
and then we can talk.
- Let's go into the bedroom.
- What?!
You come here! Stop right there!
My husband's violence started
becoming serious from two years ago.
From after you sent your son off?
When my son was gone,
it was hard for my husband and me.
And for Seo Yeon, too.
Even though I realized that
something was going wrong,
at first I thought my
daughter had changed,
but...
I now realize it was me who changed.
There was nothing I
could do for my daughter.
Unnie, you are a good mother.
That's right,
there's no mother like our Mi Sook.
Unnie,
do you mind telling us your son's name?
How old was he?
Seo Jin. Baek Seo Jin.
If he lived till now,
he would have been the same age as Soo
Gyum, in the third grade of high school.
How did you lose him?
In the end...
he never returned.
The worst thing you can do is to not
keep the right order
and die before your parents.
Seo Jin was the one who was wrong.
That's right.
Unnie, it wasn't your fault.
Unnie, you are a really good mother.
No, you're wrong. It was all my fault.
The fault belongs elsewhere.
Why are you apologizing?
If I had been raised by a good mother,
would I have been a better mother?
I'm sorry, Jung Hye.
Like you,
I've never known my mother's face.
Same with my father.
What do you mean?
I grew up in an orphanage.
I left when I was 18 years old.
Back then I just survived
as well as I could.
So that's how it was for you.
That's why your children were
so much more precious to you.
Unnie, you are a good mother.
Of course, even with a good mother,
there are so many children who can
come to an unfortunate end.
You are a good mother
with good children.
Thank you.
As for me, did you think that I wanted
to sell fish from the day I was born?
My mom sold fish.
From the time I was young, the smell
of fish clung so much to my body,
I really disliked fish.
Unnie did?
Why are you being like that? I also
always wanted to live like a princess.
Don't I seem the type?
Until my husband passed away,
I was a woman who didn't
know anything but love.
I thought Unnie was always
just a courageous woman.
Ay, I'm getting depressed.
This is depressing.
Let's stop with this
talk and have a drink.
Drink up.
Cheers!
There are other people who wronged us.
Those who hurt my unnies,
I'm going to kill them all.
Unnie, I'll get back at them for you.
Of course, you will.
Our Madam needs to stop drinking.
What can we do?
Because we're all so weak.
Well,
that's why we've gathered together.
Ah... there is one revenge I want.
As we continue with our Avengers Club,
a revenge where you two
will fix your fates.
You guys will help me with this, right?
Yes.
Why is family so hard to deal with?
That's because they are
so uselessly close to us,
like a thorn in your side.
I always thought that once I had a
family, I wouldn't want anything else.
Curse them.
Let's curse our family out some.
Just because they're family, it doesn't
mean we have to keep tolerating everything.
Occasionally, we have to plentifully
and satisfyingly curse them out.
We may not be able to do this in front
of others, but we can just between us.
But we can't curse out others.
Even if we do curse them, only I can.
Okay. Let's go. Let it out.
Baek Seo...
Baek Seo Yeon,
you bad kid.
How did I give birth and raise
you that you could do that to me?
How could you choose to
say such hateful words?
Baek Seo...
Baek Seo Jin!
You bad brat!
Who told you that you could leave first?
If I want to meet you,
I can't even go to heaven.
Who said you could take your own life?
You bad brat!
You can say more. Go on.
I'm done.
I think you need to learn
how to curse from me.
So follow me.
"You $%&^*#"
Yah! You, jerk! You piece of trash.
Don't patronize me! I'm not an idiot.
There's a lot I can do.
I'll show you.
Just wait and see. You wait.
I'll show you. You just wait!
You're going to die!
Jung Hye, our Madam here,
is closing out our lesson.
I'll bring more fruit.
You don't have to.
We don't need to eat more.
Need the bathroom.
I...
I'm going to curse some more.
I'm not finished.
I'm going to curse more, so wait for me.
Unnie, you can't go home just yet.
Understood.
So hurry up and use the bathroom.
Mi Sook, someone's at the door.
Is it Seo Yeon?
I'll get the door.
Assholes! I'm going to kill you all!
Ahh...
Son of a...
Next Episode Preview
We have to succeed in
this mission first, then I'll go.
The three of you have important things to
discuss. At least, I have to help a little.
For Mrs. Lee to prepare us food... Omo.
It's delicious, right?
Hope you will sell many.
You should choose your friends well.
I really love the sauna.
Should I build it inside the house?
What kind of material will be good?
Everyone looks like they want to use me.
No one really cares about me.
Then why do you think I brought
him here if he has no use?
Do you have to use
your son's inheritance?
Are you not confident?